Incremental Docs and Data Model Update (#1021)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/architecture/incremental.md

# Incremental

## Overview

> Incremental syncs in Airbyte allow sources to replicate only new or modified data. This prevents re-sending data that has already been sent to your warehouse. We will call this set of new or updated records the delta going forward.

Reviewer: Should emphasize that this doesn't pull the full data from the source either.

Author: fixed.

## Configuration
For a source to do incremental sync is must be able to keep track of new and updated records. This can take a couple different forms. Before we jump into them, we are going to use the word cursor or cursor field to describe the field or column in the data that Airbyte uses as a comparable to determine if any given record is new or has been updated since the last sync.

## Source-Defined Cursor.

> Some sources are able to determine the cursor that the use without any user input. For example, in the exchange rates api source, the source itself can determine that date field is in fact the field to be used to determine the last record that was synced. In these cases, the source will set the `cursor_field` attribute in the `AirbyteStream`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Some sources are able to determine the cursor that they use without any user input. For example, in the exchange rates api source, the source itself can determine that date field is in fact the field to be used to determine the last record that was synced. In these cases, the source will set the `cursor_field` attribute in the `AirbyteStream`.
```

> Some sources are able to determine the cursor that the use without any user input. For example, in the exchange rates api source, the source itself can determine that date field is in fact the field to be used to determine the last record that was synced. In these cases, the source will set the `cursor_field` attribute in the `AirbyteStream`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Some sources are able to determine the cursor that the use without any user input. For example, in the exchange rates api source, the source itself can determine that date field should be used to determine the last record that was synced. In these cases, the source will set the `cursor_field` attribute in the `AirbyteStream`.
```

## User-Defined Cursor

> Some sources either cannot define the cursor without user input. For example, in the postgres source, the user needs to choose for themselves which database tables they want to sync. The author of the source cannot predict this. In these cases the user sets the `cursor_field` in the `ConfiguredAirbyteStream`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Some sources cannot define the cursor without user input. For example, in the postgres source, the user needs to choose for themselves which database tables they want to sync. The author of the source cannot predict this. In these cases the user sets the `cursor_field` in the `ConfiguredAirbyteStream`.
```

## Rules
The delta from a sync will be _appended_ to the existing data in the data warehouse. Incremental will never delete or mutate existing records. Let's walk through a few examples.

### Newly Created Record

Assume that `updated_at` is our `cursor_field`. Let's say the following data already exists into our data warehouse.
```json
[
    { "name": "Louis XVI", "deceased": false, "updated_at":  1754 },
    { "name": "Marie Antoinette", "deceased": false, "updated_at":  1755 }
]
```

In the next sync the delta contains the following record:
```json
    { "name": "Louis XVII", "deceased": false, "updated_at": 1785 }
```

At the end of this incremental sync the data warehouse would now contain:
```json
[
    { "name": "Louis XVI", "deceased": false, "updated_at":  1754 },
    { "name": "Marie Antoinette", "deceased": false, "updated_at":  1755 },
    { "name": "Louis XVII", "deceased": false, "updated_at": 1785 }
]
```

### Updating a Record
Let's assume that our warehouse contains all of the data that it did at the end of the previous section. Now unfortunately the king and queen lose their heads. Let's see that delta:
```json
[

>     { "name": "Louis XVI", "deceased": true, "updated_at": 1793 },

Reviewer 2: this is such a grim example 🤣

Author: if you couldn't tell, i was very please with myself when i came up with this. 😛
